Stop
Are you General Ye?
Let go of Mu Qinghe
I can spare you from death
Hahaha
Bah what shit general
It's not that I was played around by Kameda Taijun
Can't you see?
Now he is in my hands
As soon as I move my finger
He will be immediately mourned on the spot
You are not qualified to give me orders
The damn thing is about to be released
Don't make another mistake
The wrong person is you
If you hadn't refused to return to Taijun Tian
If it weren't for you not remembering the favor
Our Chen family has long been prosperous
Now why do I try my best to flatter
One day Taijun
I have to pretend to be a grandson in front of the fourth young master of red dust
So you are a traitor, aren't you?
I lost money in business before, and you didn't help me.
It was Taijun Guida who secretly supported me
That's why I kept the company
As long as you can make money
As long as I can make my Chen family flourish
I can sell anything, including you.
Bastard you are right
I'm a beast
But you're not much better.
You think I didn't hear you?
Before you were a child of Senluo Temple
Now you are the queen of Senluo Hall
You are obviously rich
Powerful
But you have to pretend to be one in front of me
Poor guy with a street stall
Marry your daughter to me
Makes me think he's a liability
I'll tell you what.
He deserves to suffer in our Chen family
You can only blame yourself for being noble
But it's a pity
Now you realize I'm an animal.
Hahaha
Don't move don't move
If you move again, I will kill you, believe it or not
Don't hurt Qinghong
What are the conditions?
You can bully